c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Data.dll.config
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Data.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\obj\Debug\Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\obj\Debug\Data.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\obj\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\chaichy_s.icc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
